00:00~00:12-If you like electronics/create electronics gadgets, then you need to have a clear idea on electronic components first.
We will introduce with some general electronic components today in this video.

00:20~00:32-Resistor: this is the most used component in electronic devices.
This is an electrical component that limits or regulates the flow of electrical current in an electronic circuit. 

00:38~00:52-Potentiometer: this is a three-terminal resistor with a sliding or rotating contact that forms an adjustable voltage divider.
The potentiometer is an instrument used for measuring the unknown voltage by comparing it with the known voltage. 

00:57~01:15-Capacitor: this is a device for storing electrical energy, consisting of two conductors in close proximity and insulated from each other.
Capacitors are widely used in electronic circuits for blocking direct current while allowing alternating current to pass. 

01:19~01:32-Ceramic Disc Capacitor: ceramic disc capacitor is a fixed-value capacitor where the ceramic material acts as the dielectric.
This is manufactured by coating a ceramic disc with silver contacts on both sides.

01:35~01:47-Inductor: this is a passive component that is used in most electrical circuits to store energy in the form of magnetic energy when electric current flows through it.
Genetor, motor, transformer use this component.

01:50~02:09-Transformer: transformer is a device that transfers electric energy from one alternating-current circuit to one or more other circuits, either increasing or reducing the voltage.
It is designed to either increase or decrease AC voltage between the circuits while maintaining the frequency of the current.

02:13~02:31-Diode: this is a two-terminal electronic component that conducts electricity primarily in one direction.
Diodes can be used as rectifiers, signal limiters, voltage regulators, switches, signal modulators, signal mixers, signal demodulators, and oscillators. 

02:33~02:51-LED: LED is a semiconductor device, which can emit light when an electric current passes through it.
LEDs are increasingly common in street lights, parking garage lighting, walkway and other outdoor area lighting, refrigerated case lighting, modular lighting, and task lighting.

02:56~03:07-Bridge rectifier: bridge rectifier is a type of full-wave rectifier that uses four or more diodes in a bridge circuit configuration to convert alternating current to a direct current.

03:11~03:27-Transistor: this is a type of a semiconductor device that can be used to both conduct and insulate electric current or voltage. 
A transistor basically acts as a switch and an amplifier. 
This is used to control or regulate the flow of electronic signals.

03:30~03:43-IC: this component is the fundamental building block of all modern electronic devices.
An IC can function as an amplifier, oscillator, timer, counter, logic gate, computer memory, microcontroller or microprocessor.

03:46~04:05-Relay: this is an electrically operated switch that open and close the circuits by receiving electrical signals from outside sources.
Relays are used where it is necessary to control a circuit by an independent low-power signal, or where several circuits must be controlled by one signal.

04:09~04:26-Fuse: this is a safety device that protects electrical circuits from the effects of excessive currents.
The fuse contains a piece of wire that melts easily. 
If the current going through the fuse is too great, the wire heats up until it melts and breaks the circuit.

04:30~04:38-LCD: LCD is a type of flat panel display which uses liquid crystals in its primary form of operation.

04:41~05:00-Crocodile and Banana connector: crocodile clip or alligator clip is a plier-like spring-tensioned metal clip with elongated, serrated jaws that is used for creating a temporary electrical connection.
A banana connector is a single-wire electrical connector used for joining wires to equipment.